https://huggingface.co/runwayml/stable-diffusion-v1-5/resolve/main/v1-5-pruned-emaonly.ckpt
  out=Stable-diffusion/v1-5-pruned-emaonly.ckpt
https://huggingface.co/stabilityai/sd-vae-ft-mse-original/resolve/main/vae-ft-mse-840000-ema-pruned.ckpt
  out=VAE/vae-ft-mse-840000-ema-pruned.ckpt
https://huggingface.co/runwayml/stable-diffusion-inpainting/resolve/main/sd-v1-5-inpainting.ckpt
  out=Stable-diffusion/sd-v1-5-inpainting.ckpt
https://github.com/TencentARC/GFPGAN/releases/download/v1.3.4/GFPGANv1.4.pth
  out=GFPGAN/GFPGANv1.4.pth
https://github.com/xinntao/Real-ESRGAN/releases/download/v0.1.0/RealESRGAN_x4plus.pth
  out=RealESRGAN/RealESRGAN_x4plus.pth
https://github.com/xinntao/Real-ESRGAN/releases/download/v0.2.2.4/RealESRGAN_x4plus_anime_6B.pth
  out=RealESRGAN/RealESRGAN_x4plus_anime_6B.pth
https://heibox.uni-heidelberg.de/f/31a76b13ea27482981b4/?dl=1
  out=LDSR/project.yaml
https://heibox.uni-heidelberg.de/f/578df07c8fc04ffbadf3/?dl=1
  out=LDSR/model.ckpt
https://huggingface.co/WarriorMama777/OrangeMixs/resolve/main/Models/AbyssOrangeMix3/AOM3A1B_orangemixs.safetensors
  out=Stable-diffusion/AOM3A1B_orangemixs.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/WarriorMama777/OrangeMixs/resolve/main/Models/AbyssOrangeMix3/AOM3A2_orangemixs.safetensors
  out=Stable-diffusion/AOM3A2_orangemixs.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/WarriorMama777/OrangeMixs/resolve/main/Models/AbyssOrangeMix3/AOM3A3_orangemixs.safetensors
  out=Stable-diffusion/AOM3A3_orangemixs.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/gsdf/Counterfeit-V3.0/resolve/main/embedding/EasyNegativeV2.safetensors
  out=embedding/EasyNegativeV2.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/gsdf/Counterfeit-V3.0/resolve/main/Counterfeit-V3.0.safetensors
  out=Stable-diffusion/Counterfeit-V3.0.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/gsdf/Replicant-V3.0/resolve/main/Replicant-V3.0_fp32.safetensors
  out=Stable-diffusion/Replicant-V3.0_fp32.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/datasets/gsdf/EasyNegative/resolve/main/EasyNegative.pt
  out=embedding/EasyNegative.pt
https://huggingface.co/nolanaatama/embeddings/resolve/main/badhandv4.pt
  out=embedding/badhandv4.pt
https://huggingface.co/gsdf/Counterfeit-V2.5/resolve/main/Counterfeit-V2.5_fp16.safetensors
  out=Stable-diffusion/Counterfeit-V2.5_fp16.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/gsdf/Counterfeit-V2.5/resolve/main/vae/diffusion_pytorch_model.safetensors
  out=VAE/diffusion_pytorch_model.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/WarriorMama777/OrangeMixs/resolve/main/VAEs/orangemix.vae.pt
  out=VAE/orangemix.vae.pt
https://civitai.com/api/download/models/20072
  out=Lora/tachi-e.safetensors
https://civitai.com/api/download/models/92466
  out=Lora/hyouka_offset.safetensors
https://civitai.com/api/download/models/66646
  out=Lora/kdm-style-v05.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/kayfahaarukku/KayWaii/resolve/main/ClearVAE_V2.3.safetensors
  out=VAE/ClearVAE_V2.3.safetensors
https://civitai.com/api/download/models/120212
  out=Stable-diffusion/kaywaii_v27.safetensors
https://civitai.com/api/download/models/130824
  out=Stable-diffusion/kaywaii_v42.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/konohashinobi4/4xAnimesharp/resolve/main/4x-AnimeSharp.pth
  out=RealESRGAN/4x-AnimeSharp.pth